Requirements:
Data folder
Results
inputs.txt - Contains a list of paths to xml files, one for each subreddit
	Ex. Data/puns.xml
		Data/engineering.xml

Feature generation:
Feature generation is done in two parts:
1. featureGen1.py takes in as input the inputs.txt file and a name to save files in.
	This creates a folder with the given name in the Data folder and saves information in files
	about the preliminary feature vectors, vocab, and other things needed for feature generation.

	python featureGen1.py inputs.txt name_for_folder

2. featureGen2.py finishes creating the feature vectors by adding the one hot encoding.
	This does not write the vectors to a file since it has low runtime and writing to file takes longer.
	This does not need to be called by the user.
	To remove one hot encoding, uncomment "return featureVectors" on line 19 

Running the classifier:
classification.py takes as input the folder name that it should look for feature vector file information in.
For example, inputting "all" would result in the classifier looking in "Data/all" for the files generated by featureGen1.py
This also takes 2 optional bools as parameters. The first indicates if we should use the presence of a word for
the one hot encoding (multiple instances of a word appear the same as one instance), and false indicates that 
the count of the word should be used.
The second bool indicates if we want to run in demo mode (True). This mode removes cross validation and trains the 
decision tree on all data, then waits for user input.
This creates a file of the input name in the Results folder

python classification.py name_for_folder True False
output: Results/name_for_folder
